README.md, before:



# Single Page Application

This single page application (SPA) is built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap, based on the core concepts of React. The application uses JavaScript history API to manage navigation between different sections of the application, without reloading the page.

### Getting started
To get started with the application, simply clone the repository to your local machine, and open the index.html file in your web browser. The application should load automatically, and you should be able to navigate between different sections of the application using the navigation links.

### Features
The application includes the following features:

- Navigation: Users can navigate between different sections of the application using the navigation links. The application uses JavaScript history API to manage navigation, without reloading the page.

- Responsive design: The application is designed to be responsive, and works on desktop and mobile devices.

- Interactive UI: The application includes an interactive user interface that allows users to perform various actions, such as adding, editing, and deleting items, and filtering items by category.

### Technologies used
The application is built using the following technologies:

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap

### Folder-Structure

```sh
.
├── README.md
└── src
    ├── assets
    │   ├── archive-odities-1.jpg
    │   ├── archive-odities-2.png
    │   ├── archive-odities-3.jpg
    │   ├── archive-odities-4.png
    │   ├── archive-odities-5.jpg
    │   ├── blog-1.png
    │   ├── blog-2.png
    │   ├── blog-3.jpg
    │   ├── blog-4.png
    │   ├── case-study-2.png
    │   ├── case-study-3.png
    │   ├── Case-study.jpg
    │   ├── image-1.jpg
    │   ├── image-2.jpg
    │   ├── image-3.jpg
    │   └── profile.png
    ├── css
    │   └── style.css
    ├── index.html
    ├── pages
    │   ├── 404.html
    │   ├── about.html
    │   ├── blog.html
    │   ├── home.html
    │   ├── images.html
    │   └── work.html
    └── routes
        └── index.js
```

Commit message:

readme file updated and some changes in home page

README.md, after:



# Single Page Application

This single page application (SPA) is built using HTML, CSS, vanila JavaScript, and Bootstrap, based on the core concepts of React. The application uses JavaScript history API to manage navigation between different sections of the application, without reloading the page.

### Getting started
To get started with the application, simply clone the repository to your local machine, and open the index.html file in your web browser. The application should load automatically, and you should be able to navigate between different sections of the application using the navigation links.


### Features
The application includes the following features:

- Navigation: Users can navigate between different sections of the application using the navigation links. The application uses JavaScript history API to manage navigation, without reloading the page.

- Responsive design: The application is designed to be responsive, and works on desktop and mobile devices.


### Technologies used
The application is built using the following technologies:

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap

### Folder-Structure

- In assets folder contains all the images used in this project. pages folder consists of different html files for different web pages.
- routes folder has index.js file which defines routes for navigation. 

```sh
.
├── README.md
└── src
    ├── assets
    │   ├── archive-odities-1.jpg
    │   ├── archive-odities-2.png
    │   ├── archive-odities-3.jpg
    │   ├── archive-odities-4.png
    │   ├── archive-odities-5.jpg
    │   ├── blog-1.png
    │   ├── blog-2.png
    │   ├── blog-3.jpg
    │   ├── blog-4.png
    │   ├── case-study-2.png
    │   ├── case-study-3.png
    │   ├── Case-study.jpg
    │   ├── image-1.jpg
    │   ├── image-2.jpg
    │   ├── image-3.jpg
    │   └── profile.png
    ├── css
    │   └── style.css
    ├── index.html
    ├── pages
    │   ├── 404.html
    │   ├── about.html
    │   ├── blog.html
    │   ├── home.html
    │   ├── images.html
    │   └── work.html
    └── routes
        └── index.js
```
